Now, the first resources that we're going to create our called security groups.
Security groups are specific to the resources that we're going to deploy.
You might think that security groups are tied to the subnets,
that's not the case.
Security groups are associated with specific resources, whether it's a load balancer,
or whether it's a server that you're trying to
create with a Windows desktop or a Linux server.
The security groups will tell you, "Hey,
you know, we want this port open,
or we want this port closed,
and that's basically a protection or
traffic filter for the machines we're going to deploy."
So for now, we're going to deploy this.
It's not going to look like we're deploying anything,
it's going to look like it's part of networking, but that's not the case.
Let's take care of those.
It's more of a housekeeping task prior to deploying Servers.
We're going to explain one by one,
but we're going to select all of them right now,
and push them over to our script,
and make sure we have the proper indentation.
I'll copy that, paste it over here.
So let's understand this resource.
Now, I don't expect you to memorize how to do a security group,
so let me tell you how you find out how to build a security group resource.
You would go back to your browser,
you would type CloudFormation security group,
and this is a link to the official documentation,
and it shows the exact type of resource that we're trying to create.
So we'll go to the YAML format,
actually it has a copy here that you can just copy it over
and include it in your script conveniently,
and these are the properties.
In this case, the group name, description.
The only two critical parameters here are the ingress flow, and egress flow.
In other words, what to do with the traffic that's going to be
associated with this resource, inbound and outbound.
There are tags and there's PPC Id.
PPC Id makes sense,
it's what's the Container where you're going to place this security group.
Now, the interesting part here is the egress rules,
and the ingress rules. Let's take a look at those.
It will tell you, hey, it's just access rules,
and it doesn't really explain anything to you,
so you would need to see an example to be able to understand.
Here they have an example in the same page.
The example says, "From port 80 to port 80,
I want to be able to traffic to and from anywhere."
in this case the wildcard cider,
which is zero, zero, zero.
What we're doing here is,
this will be the setup for an HTTP web server.
If you're running a blog,
if you're running the corporate page for your business.
This is how you would do it.
You would set up, allow traffic from anywhere as long as it's port 80 to this resource,
which could be a server,
it could be a load balancer, as we'll see later.